Fix const iterator issue1437 (#1475)
DGtal-team/DGtal: ChangeLog.md

  (David Coeurjolly, [#1446](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtal/pull/1446))
  - Removes the check for CPP11 when building WITH_ITK
  (Pablo Hernandez-Cerdan, [#1453](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtal/pull/1453))
  - Fix apple clang  compilation issue with a workaround to the

>     ConstIteratorAdapter that do not satisfy the _is_forward concept of the STL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ConstIteratorAdapter class that does not satisfy the _is_forward concept of the STL:
```

Author: thanks, I miss the commit suggestion since my emacs was open on it but that looks nice!
